about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
hero_title: "Who We Are"
hero_text: "We’re neighbors, friends, and changemakers reclaiming space and growing something real. In the heart of South Louisville’s District 21, we’ve turned a forgotten lot into a living orchard—rooted in care, built by community, and open to everyone."
sections:
  - id: how
    title: "How We Started"
    content:
      - "The idea began as a simple conversation about reclaiming a vacant lot—and quickly grew into something bigger. We saw an opportunity to turn concrete into connection, to plant more than trees: to plant belonging. From that seed of an idea, the orchard was born."

  - id: what
    title: "What We Do"
    content:
      - "We cultivate sustainability, creativity, and joy through shared work and shared harvests. From planting and pruning to community clean-up days, seasonal projects, and gathering the yield, every effort deepens the connection between neighbors and the land we care for together."
    video:
      src: "/assets/videos/1.mp4"
      poster: "/assets/videos/poster.webp"
      alt: "A look back at everything we've done together."
---

Commit message:

fixes blog, cleans up files, adds jekyll template for 'events'/'jump in' page, adds visual assets, cleans up content and styling

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
hero_title: "Who We Are"
hero_text: "We’re neighbors, friends, and changemakers reclaiming space and growing something real. In the heart of South Louisville’s District 21, we’ve turned a forgotten lot into a living orchard—rooted in care, built by community, and open to everyone."
sections:
  - id: how
    title: "How We Started"
    content:
      - "The idea began as a simple conversation about reclaiming a vacant lot—and quickly grew into something bigger. We saw an opportunity to turn concrete into connection, to plant more than trees: to plant belonging. From that seed of an idea, the orchard was born."

  - id: what
    title: "What We Do"
    content:
      - "We cultivate sustainability, creativity, and joy through shared work and shared harvests. From planting and pruning to community clean-up days, seasonal projects, and gathering the yield, every effort deepens the connection between neighbors and the land we care for together."
    # Video uploaded to YouTube and link to be added later
    youtube: "https://www.youtube.com/"
    alt: "Funding that we need to cultivate our beautiful self-sustaining green space."
---
