index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Home
permalink: /
hero_title: Our mission
hero_text: We come together to build community, create green space, and grow food for the neighborhood. We are volunteer-run and neighborhood-supported, and we cultivate the Southend spirit.
hero_button:
  href: /about
  text: Learn more
sections:
  - id: volunteer
    title: We love our volunteers! Their passion, generosity, and grit are proof that real change starts with people who choose to show up.
    images:
      - src: /assets/images/img17.webp
        alt: TBD
      - src: /assets/images/img19.webp
        alt: TBD
      - src: /assets/images/img20.webp
        alt: TBD
      - src: /assets/images/img12.webp
        alt: TBD
    button:
      href: /jump
      text: Jump in

  - id: donors
    title: Together, We Thrive
    content: Our donors make it possible to sustain—and grow—a vibrant, shared community space.
    image:
      src: /assets/images/img7.webp
      alt: Donors on site, discussing plans for the Orchard
    button:
      href: /support
      text: Join us

  - id: blog
    title: Read the Latest from BCO Grows!
    content: Discover fresh recipes, cooking inspiration, and helpful tips for growing and gardening—all rooted in community and care. Our blog is full of ideas to help you dig in and grow with us.
    button:
      href: /blog
      text: Read more

  - id: contact-us
    title: Questions, comments, suggestions?
    content: We’re always eager to hear from our community! Whether you have an idea to share, a question about the orchard, or just want to drop us a line–we’re all ears. Your input helps us grow stronger, together.
    button:
      href: https://forms.gle/8x5LWC13sEhXippc8
      text: Holler at us
      target_blank: true
---

Commit message:

fixes issue with blog not pulling in correctly, separates posts and featured post pages, adds imagery so it's more accessible, styling adjustments, logic adjustments for includes sections, content updates

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Home
permalink: /
hero_title: Our mission
hero_text: We come together to build community, create green space, and grow food for the neighborhood. We are volunteer-run and neighborhood-supported, and we cultivate the Southend spirit.
hero_button:
  href: /about
  text: Learn more
sections:
  - id: volunteer
    title: We love our volunteers! Their passion, generosity, and grit are proof that real change starts with people who choose to show up.
    container_wrapper_width: wide
    media_wrapper_width: wide
    images:
      - src: /assets/images/img17.webp
        alt: TBD
      - src: /assets/images/img19.webp
        alt: TBD
      - src: /assets/images/img20.webp
        alt: TBD
      - src: /assets/images/img12.webp
        alt: TBD
    button:
      href: /jump
      text: Jump in

  - id: donors
    title: Together, We Thrive. Our donors make it possible to sustain—and grow—a vibrant, shared community space.
    container_wrapper_width: wide
    media_wrapper_width: wide
    images:
      - src: /assets/images/img3.webp
        alt: TBD
      - src: /assets/images/img7.webp
        alt: Betsy Ruhe, Beechmont Community Orchard Founder
    button:
      href: /support
      text: Join us

  - id: blog
    title: Read the Latest from BCO Grows!
    container_wrapper_width: wide
    copy_wrapper_width: small
    media_wrapper_width: wide
    copy: Discover fresh recipes, cooking inspiration, and helpful tips for growing and gardening—all rooted in community and care. Our blog is full of ideas to help you dig in and grow with us.
    button:
      href: /blog
      text: Read more

  - id: contact-us
    title: Questions, comments, suggestions?
    container_wrapper_width: wide
    copy_wrapper_width: small
    media_wrapper_width: wide
    copy: We’re always eager to hear from our community! Whether you have an idea to share, a question about the orchard, or just want to drop us a line–we’re all ears. Your input helps us grow stronger, together.
    button:
      href: https://forms.gle/8x5LWC13sEhXippc8
      text: Holler at us
      target_blank: true
---
